# Serving the project "idol"  
Some one-key tools for saving time

## 1.Get official portraits  
***keyakizaka46⊿***  
`python get-keyaki-members-official-portraits.py`  

***nogizaka46⊿***  
`python get-nogi-members-official-portraits.py`  

Coding with python 2.7, standard library only, no additional module required.

## 2.Get member's blog list 
***nogizaka46⊿***  
`python get-nogi-members-all-blog-list.py`  

You can set the time limit, default is getting from the earlist blog.  
You can also set the specific member, just change the dict's key.  
List is stored with json format like the sample [nanami.json](https://github.com/nondanee/NogiKeya/blob/master/nanami.json) in this repo.  

Coding with python 2.7, standard library only, no additional module required.  

## 3.Download blog page (async)
***nogizaka46⊿***  
`python3 force-get-blog-raw-page.py`  
Relying on the blog list gotten by prev script.  
Storing like official website's php url definition,  
The directory named [hashimoto.nanami/](https://github.com/nondanee/NogiKeya/tree/master/nanami.hashimoto) in this repo is a sample.  

*BTW: I use these offline pages (after processing) to build a small blog-storing site by Github Pages in the other repo named [nondanee / onemoretime](https://github.com/nondanee/onemoretime).*   

Coding with python 3.4, upwards compatible, required "asyncio" and "aiohttp".  
**Using async to make requests, care with your ip address because of concurrent access**

## 3.Get all members' info (async)
***nogizaka46⊿***  
`python3 get-nogi-members-info.py`  
Get nogizaka members' introduction page data and generate a json file.  
*BTW: Page urllist now is written in script but alse can be generated by function getlist()*  

Coding with python 3.4, upwards compatible, required "asyncio" and "aiohttp".  
**Using async to make requests, care with your ip address because of concurrent access**

Running-time test: 2.283793ms